fix links (#12805)
filecoin-project/lotus: documentation/changelog/CHANGELOG_1.1x.md

New sector storage: <%d>
Nov 19 15:03:43 g0lotus01 lotus-miner[<id>]: ERROR: creating node: starting node: could not build arguments for function "reflect".makeFuncStub (/usr/local/go/src/reflect/asm_amd64.s:28): failed to build *paths.Local: received non-nil error from function "reflect".makeFuncStub (/usr/local/go/src/reflect/asm_amd64.s:28): opening path /media/data1/lotusstorage: path with ID <%d> already opened: '<path>'
```

> If so, this check is introduced via [#9032](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/9032), precisely this [line](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/881e16ec75d3d5a17483aea8877c25e829e985b4/storage/paths/local.go#L221~L223
> ). It's added to prevents double-attaching paths given it's now possible to manipulate paths at runtime. Verify storage.json configs if you encounter this error or remove the undesired depulicated path as you see fit accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If so, this check is introduced via [#9032](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/9032), precisely this [line](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/v1.18.1/storage/paths/local.go#L221~L223).
It's added to prevents double-attaching paths given it's now possible to manipulate paths at runtime. Verify storage.json configs if you encounter this error or remove the undesired depulicated path as you see fit accordingly.
```

Let's version it instead to tie it to these release notes.
